catlady neighbour - Increase the dice roll required to sell by one - "You will get used to her"
im a friend of ... - If someone didn't try to sell a property this turn you can try sell their property using their loyalty + time tokens
hurry, it wont last long - make one house require two more dice rolls this turn
gourmet kitchen - Add to a house with no tokens at the start of phase one. This house is permentantly worth 2 more coins when sold.
near transportation - make this house require +1 dice roll permenantly - "This neighbourhood is really loud"
cookies in the oven - make this house require -1 dice roll for this turn - "Everyone likes cookies"
reading glasses open on a book - Give two extra action cards if a house sells this turn - "The owner is cosmopoliton and you can be too"
craving smashed avo - A target player recieves one less coin for every house they sell on this turn - "Avo is expensive"
perfectly placed pillows - If a target house sells this turn, it gives the seller 1 extra coin
hide asbestos - Lower the dice roll required to sell a house this turn by 2 - "What you don't know can't hurt you"
roses and champagne - Lower the reputation required for a house this round by 1 - "Makes it look like you know what your doing"
overseas investor - If a target house sells this turn, it gives the seller 3 extra coins. Only applies to new builds
new regulations - Play at the start of lead generation phase. Noone gets rent this turn
ignore renter complaints - Play at the start of lead generation phase. Choose a house and double the rent it pays this turn - "Sorry she is out of the office"
surprise inspection - Play at any time. Target property doesn't get rent this turn - "There should be a door here"
photoshop images - Pay one reputation and get +3 to any dice roll at anytime - "I thought there was a pool ..."
location shots - Gain +2 to a dice roll for one property this turn
intimidating renter - No one can try sell this property this turn
suspicious smell - Dice rolls required for everyone is +2 to sell this property
*renovations - Remove all action cards from a property and add 1 coin to sale price
*hire an arsonist - Pay 2 coins. Roll a dice, if it is 5 or 6 the arson attempt succeeds. Return all tokens to a players on one property (converting each loyalty back to time tokens ) and shuffle that property back into the deck. Draw a new property to fill that spot in cleanup.
*scheduling miscommunication - Play at start of auctioning phase. Choose one property and one player, that player attempts to sell that property even if reputation requirements are not met. If the sale fails lose 2 reputation.
*student renters - Play at the start of the renting phase. Rent all cheap properties with no time or loyalty tokens on them.
bribery - Pay 2 coins and choose a property. For this property you can place tokens on it this turn ignoring reputation requirements.
work overtime - Gain two time tokens
*suck up to the boss - Pay two time tokens and choose a property. Noone else can place tokens on it this round.
frame someone - Target player rolls a dice if its 1-2 they lose 2 reputation. If its 3-4 they lose 1. If its 5-6 you lose 1.
market forces - Increase all rental yeilds by 1 coin this turn.
flamable building cladding - Play on an property of apartment type. All players ( including you ) that have tokens on that property can choose to pay one coin for each loyalty token on that property or convert it to a time token and move it back to their supply.
get a valuation - Play on a property. This property gives 1 more coin when sold.
paint over mold - The required dice roll is lowered by 2 when sold
hire a dodgy tradie - play on a property. If it sells this round then it gives one more coin otherwise it permenantly gives 2 less coins for this property.
advertising - Pay 1 coin and move up 1 reputation.
bosses birthday - All players immediately return one coin and one time token to the supply if able.
